villar dario plenary speaks to all those peoples
that from that day
they took the marambaia where to go
at the same time those who have power
in Italy at the age of ten
eder sciola
dr detail not
the refinement of biennial that is a Lord God
he search
he
he transforms
he -
he will teach them
he works miracles
and may be that god and brother you need
one can see if we will have transformed life after
we may have to get you out of control of the ashes and
stand up
and there ganesa gorete to make a brillarete catamaran place
can drag themselves to the sermon
clinging to the advice of the folder the eyes still makes me happy
we are working for the powerful in the name of jesus christ
can be sold
Hallelujah
in the name of jesus pereira what it was to have to use each one
I want to prophesy every child
I want to prophesy every family that is present only one place
I renewed Jesus Christ the priest
that as of today
that from that moment
that from this day of departure tonight Russia had taken her hands
full of emotion
the if he had taken his hand full of dust now live in 96 hours
take the containers if you do now you can give the place you can receive
which is now waiting for the class that can take possession than to know that rose now
almost that there was almost not yet felt the presence of God
another good opportunity for athletes who are coming to the
if i like smell we have to accept tight from the history of china or btg sus
if you know now is to wrap up photo ap after now brother in the advertisement of
Azorean children's
and if so far in milan who will be that now if until now 10h / the base of all
the jail
or almost at the point of recognizing him to be arrested
hall screening is the deadline that is up to much of that policy she was
import
I took it to add
and sometimes see that I know that the fox will treat around the victory
rose goes with the face of the whole foundation of prosperity
It is clear that the hypothesis of
Sara
the demure nothing of the bar
anything
massú who walks the kids in the land section now on this Tuesday the eyes
closed leaves your eyes closed at these times the time has come
to each the dhaka of battle
so far I have not seen and now in the past decade the area
silver-of-the-house degraded cataract buried
the claim is that every year leaves the head of sheet
in santa catarina rosa embrace lack of pet is bet
You can not worship to rob.
in the table and stay
despite the defeat the team of bost @ leaves the cave may be that even the processor
to disappointment
it's logical that it will close
rabat charges he'll have to be protective and toyota to tectoy support
banking and at 12 o'clock
created to support and help raise later
each year
is brother
Of course, to say something very special.
Do you want me to give you the good intention?
I want to have this one for you.
Ecuador
maybe the prophet
to check it is a credential
on the site it took to raise this land to the sea
- postponed to September to run a church
although high